here's one of the ways you can tell if
the people who sharpen your skates did a
good job or not when you get your skates
sharp and you'll notice that in between
the two edges there are some parallel
lines that should be if they did it
correctly should be parallel to the two
edges of your skates going up and down
the length of your skate however if they
did it wrong you'll notice that the
lines aren't parallel they're diagonal
and this is because they had their
balance off on the skate sharpener you
need to go back and make them do it
again one of the best ways to penetrate
a shot-blocking defense is through a lot
of cross ice and perimeter passing for
example the offensive defenseman at the
blue line can make what Chris passes to
the other defenseman back and forth as
well as faking passes to the forwards
indeed if the passes are on target
sooner or later the opposing player
attempting to block a potential shot
will go down or go out a position
allowing the offensive player to move
forward and take a shot or make a pass
at someone on the slide the key here is
to keep the clock moving quickly and
accurately
I think Pat you made a great point being
able to be patient with the process as a
hockey player I mean sometimes you want
to come into a new new team whether
you're in on a peewee team or you're on
a major junior team you know being
patient with the process and being able
to become part of the team I think
that's big and you were always a team
player I mean did you how did you make
that transition was it coaching was it a
captain the team that took the guys
aside and said listen you know this is a
process how does it how does it work to
be patient with with the process as a
hockey player or an athlete well i think
i think number one you have to be you
have to be determined in your abilities
to succeed I think that's number one but
I think number two now you have to bring
that you have to bring all your strong
attributes but it has to be on a team
concept so you have to really think
about you know how can I make the team
better number one but I think it really
boils down to respect it boils down to
respect it the person you're sitting
beside you want it you you don't want to
let him down as well and if that's
passed along to each stall along in the
locker room it goes a long way and I
think that's part of the process of
becoming mixed within a team I mean
you're going to have your friends on
your team some guys are going to mesh
but I think the overall what it boils
down is respect to your fellow teammate
and wanted not to let him down and be
able to give it your best each and every
night